add new guides (#8474)
supabase/supabase: apps/reference/docs/guides/realtime/broadcast.mdx

---
id: broadcast
title: Broadcast

> description: Getting started with Realtime's broadcast feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Getting started with Realtime's Broadcast feature
```

---

> Supabase Broadcast allows a client to broadcast messages and multiple receivers to receive the broadcasted message. The broadcasted messages are ephemeral, they are not persisted to the database and are directly relayed by the Realtime server. This is ideal for broadcasting information like mouse moments where latency is important, but need not be persisted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supabase Broadcast allows a client to send messages, and multiple receivers to receive the messages. 

The broadcasted messages are ephemeral. They are not persisted to the database and are directly relayed through the Realtime server. This is ideal for sending information like mouse moments where latency is important, but need not be persisted.
```
